well is this there's an Eliseo meter it
tells the truth you are meant to have it
will keep the Alethea letter to yourself
so the utmost importance to yourself to
all of this perhaps to all creation I
propose to discover a world much like
our own in a parallel universe that is
healthy that is the truth are you
familiar with the prophesies of the
widgets you think she is that child she
must be found
war is coming Lara her loyalty will be
put to a proper test I need to go north
and fight
we've protected her as long as we could
you have no idea what's at stake you're
gonna enjoy it in this turkey shoot yes
I have a contract with the China
the Golden Compass